MORE THAN TEMPLATES - DESCRIPTION, FEATURES AND TIPS


DESCRIPTION:

More Than Templates (MTT) is not a CMS, it's a general purpose template.  

However, unlike any other template, it comes with extra added features that will enable you to create 
a quality fully interactive and engaging website.  

MTT is created to help shorten the development time.  

If you are a skilled PHP programmer, you can extend MTT by adding affiliate program, social networking 
with each member having their own public page, and a lot more possibilities.  

It can be used for personal or business purposes. 
 
It can be setup to go with any bloging platform.  

MTT comes with pre-configured scripts so that you only need to edit one configuration file and everything
is setup for you.



FEATURES:

1.  Contact form (captcha enabled)

2.  Slideshows (with smooth fading transitions)
slideshows downgrade automatically.  If javascript is disabled, just use the <noscript></noscript> tag.

3.  Membership Area
Visitors can register as member. Each member has a member area to login to
- Forgot Password Facility
- Change Password Facility
- Member can modify their profile and can upload their photo

4.  Forum Script
- posts can be set to auto-approved or pending
- Can set multiple forums
- A separate moderator can be assigned in each forum

5.  Admin Area
- Allows you to see who is visiting your site what page they visit and from where.
- Allows you to track who signups to your site.
- Allows you to manage members
- Allows you to manage forum

6.  Photo Gallery
- With lightbox using colorbox1 to popup images in a lightbox and using colorbox2 to 
open external webpages without leaving your website

7.  Video Page
- 1 sample page for browser with javascript enabled
- 1 sample page provided for browser with javascript disabled

8.  Drop Down Menu (smooth menu fading feature)




PAGES TO EDIT

index.php - the home page

nojs_sample_video.php - this file is a video file to use when javascript is disabled.

404.php - not found page

contact.php - contact form page

emailproblem.php - the page that members see if messages failed to send to their email

footer.php - footer menu

forum.php - the forum page

header.php - the page top section

messagesent.php - the page that members see if mail has successfully delivered

photogallery.php - the photogallery (can be used to as many category as you like)

resources.php - links to external websites unlike regular links page, external websites opens up in lightbox effect.

regular.php - regular page that can be used for articles

regular_onecolumn.php - regular page without the sidemenu

regularpage_withslideshow.php - regular page with slideshow

sample_video.php - sample video page

sidemenu.php	- sidemenu

topmenu.php - the top menu

